README.md, before:

# Playwright Webinar: Playwright Vibe Testing

This repository contains code used during Webinar organized by jaktestowac.pl:

Playwright Webinar: Playwright Vibe Testing - Automation by Agents

that demonstrate use of AI, Agents, and Playwright MCP for advanced test automation in Vibe Testing 😎

To see more details about the webinar, please visit our website: https://jaktestowac.pl/vibe by jaktestowac.pl team.

## Who we are?

We are **Test Architects and Senior Lead Tech Quality Engineers**, who are passionate about testing.
We are constantly looking for new ways to improve our skills and share our knowledge with others.

We are actively involved in the Playwright community, contributing to the project and sharing our knowledge with others. We have been using Playwright in **different companies and projects since 2021**.

We believe in the power of open source and the importance of giving back to the community.

Read more about our **[Contribution to Playwright and Community](https://jaktestowac.pl/contribution-playwright/)**

🏃‍♂️ 
This repository is outcome of actions taken during the webinar.
To start your journey with Playwright Vibe Testing, we recommend you need:
- GitHub account (free is enough)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)
- [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads)
- [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
   - [Playwright Test for VS Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=jaktestowac-playwright-test) - our free extension to help you with Playwright development
   - Being logged in to GitHub in VS Code
   - Inspect user settings in VS Code (CTRL + SHIFT + P) and search for "User settings (JSON)" to find and open the settings.json file


---

## 📖 Resources & Learning Materials

### **🦎 Practice Application**

- [GAD (GUI API Demo)](https://github.com/jaktestowac/gad-gui-api-demo) - Our free application for automation practice

### **🇵🇱 Polish Resources**

- [Free Playwright Resources](https://jaktestowac.pl/darmowy-playwright/) - Comprehensive Polish learning materials
- [Playwright Basics](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLfKhn9AcZ-cD2TCB__K7NP5XARaCzZYn7) - YouTube series (Polish)
- [Playwright Elements](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLfKhn9AcZ-cAcpd-XN4pKeo-l4YK35FDA) - Advanced concepts (Polish)
- [Playwright MCP](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLfKhn9AcZ-cCqD34AG5YRejujaBqCBgl4) - MCP course (Polish)
- [Discord Community](https://discord.gg/mUAqQ7FUaZ) - First Polish Playwright community!
- [Playwright Info](https://playwright.info/) - first and only Polish Playwright blog

### **🇬🇧 English Resources**

- [VS Code Extensions](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/publishers/jaktestowac-pl) - Our free Playwright plugins
- [Playwright Documentation](https://playwright.dev/docs/intro) - Official documentation
- [Playwright GitHub](https://github.com/microsoft/playwright) - Source code and issues

## Contact

Feel free to reach out to us:

- 🌐 Website: [jaktestowac.pl](https://jaktestowac.pl)
- 💼 LinkedIn: [jaktestowac.pl](https://www.linkedin.com/company/jaktestowac/)
- 💬 Discord: [Polish Playwright Community](https://discord.gg/mUAqQ7FUaZ)
- 📧 Support: Check our website for contact details

---

**Happy testing and automating tests!** 🚀

**jaktestowac.pl Team** 💚❤️

_PS. For more resources and updates, follow us on our [website](https://jaktestowac.pl) and [GitHub](https://github.com/jaktestowac)._

> **⭐ Star this repository** if you found it helpful and want to support our work!
>
> **🔄 Share with your team** to help spread knowledge about advanced Playwright testing patterns!

---

_Built with 💚❤️ for the Playwright and testing automation community_

Commit message:

Improves setup instructions and clarifies project scope
Updates documentation to clarify that the repository contains corrected webinar code, enhances setup steps with direct links, and introduces guidance on synchronizing user settings. Adds references to the tested application and setup prompts to better guide new users.

README.md, after:

# Playwright Webinar: Playwright Vibe Testing

This repository contains code used during Webinar organized by jaktestowac.pl:

Playwright Webinar: Playwright Vibe Testing - Automation by Agents

that demonstrate use of AI, Agents, and Playwright MCP for advanced test automation in Vibe Testing 😎

To see more details about the webinar, please visit our website: https://jaktestowac.pl/vibe by jaktestowac.pl team.

## Who we are?

We are **Test Architects and Senior Lead Tech Quality Engineers**, who are passionate about testing.
We are constantly looking for new ways to improve our skills and share our knowledge with others.

We are actively involved in the Playwright community, contributing to the project and sharing our knowledge with others. We have been using Playwright in **different companies and projects since 2021**.

We believe in the power of open source and the importance of giving back to the community.

Read more about our **[Contribution to Playwright and Community](https://jaktestowac.pl/contribution-playwright/)**

🏃‍♂️ 
This repository is outcome of actions taken during the webinar (with corrected code to make it work).

To start your journey with Playwright Vibe Testing, we recommend you need:
- [GitHub](https://github.com/) account (free is enough)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)
- [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads)
- [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
   - [Playwright Test for VS Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=jaktestowac-playwright-test) - our free extension to help you with Playwright development
   - Being logged in to GitHub in VS Code
   - Inspect user settings in VS Code (CTRL + SHIFT + P) and search for "User settings (JSON)" to find and open the settings.json file - synch with main settings what are in .github/example.user.settings.json

Follow prompts in `.github/prompts-library.md` to set up your project and start testing.

Tested application is [EventBugAI](https://eventbugai.onrender.com/), a simple event management application.

Happy Vibe Testing! 🚀

---

## 📖 Resources & Learning Materials

### **🦎 Practice Application**

- [GAD (GUI API Demo)](https://github.com/jaktestowac/gad-gui-api-demo) - Our free application for automation practice

### **🇵🇱 Polish Resources**

- [Free Playwright Resources](https://jaktestowac.pl/darmowy-playwright/) - Comprehensive Polish learning materials
- [Playwright Basics](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLfKhn9AcZ-cD2TCB__K7NP5XARaCzZYn7) - YouTube series (Polish)
- [Playwright Elements](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLfKhn9AcZ-cAcpd-XN4pKeo-l4YK35FDA) - Advanced concepts (Polish)
- [Playwright MCP](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLfKhn9AcZ-cCqD34AG5YRejujaBqCBgl4) - MCP course (Polish)
- [Discord Community](https://discord.gg/mUAqQ7FUaZ) - First Polish Playwright community!
- [Playwright Info](https://playwright.info/) - first and only Polish Playwright blog

### **🇬🇧 English Resources**

- [VS Code Extensions](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/publishers/jaktestowac-pl) - Our free Playwright plugins
- [Playwright Documentation](https://playwright.dev/docs/intro) - Official documentation
- [Playwright GitHub](https://github.com/microsoft/playwright) - Source code and issues

## Contact

Feel free to reach out to us:

- 🌐 Website: [jaktestowac.pl](https://jaktestowac.pl)
- 💼 LinkedIn: [jaktestowac.pl](https://www.linkedin.com/company/jaktestowac/)
- 💬 Discord: [Polish Playwright Community](https://discord.gg/mUAqQ7FUaZ)
- 📧 Support: Check our website for contact details

---

**Happy testing and automating tests!** 🚀

**jaktestowac.pl Team** 💚❤️

_PS. For more resources and updates, follow us on our [website](https://jaktestowac.pl) and [GitHub](https://github.com/jaktestowac)._

> **⭐ Star this repository** if you found it helpful and want to support our work!
>
> **🔄 Share with your team** to help spread knowledge about advanced Playwright testing patterns!

---

_Built with 💚❤️ for the Playwright and testing automation community_
